All right. You have been given Zahn's presentation. Your first task is to switch the flat and check
expenses. Your persona is Abby Jones, that is to say, someone who is 25 years old, a history
PhD student broke. She, her impatient, quick, likes bright colors and good design. Okay.
Yes. Please begin. Please elaborate on what you are, you know, what your thoughts are when
you're reading this and how you're going to achieve your goal. This frame is colorful. Okay. I can see
like, there's several buttons that are easy to click. Yep. Focus on the task that you need to
accomplish and the subtask that you need to accomplish. So to change a flat, I will
I will probably click my profile picture. Okay.
That I say that. I don't have to say whether that's okay. Now I just say you do it and then just
change slide. Okay. So change slide. Next slide. Oh, so good. Just keep going.
Okay. Okay. Just keep talking about what you see. Yep. So keep talking about what you see.
Well, I see the flatmate is, is an address location.
So to, so I'm assuming to click any new flatmate, I had to click one of the address.
Okay. Yep.
Okay. Your next task is to view payments and get more detail on broadband.
Okay. To view a payment, I probably click on the, the pie chart to view a payments.
Uh, go ahead. So not quite. You would need to hover over the broadband because payments are
right here. Okay. So now you're hovering over broadband. What do you want to do to view the
broadband? Click it. Click it. Well, you're kind of already looking at, if you're viewing the
broadband here. So this is kind of a non-task, if you will, where it's the end task of looking at
the broadband now. So there's no action to take here. Okay. All right. Before you continue.
All right. Your second task is adding an expense and your persona is Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan is a first year Canterbury student. He's a spoiled child, uh, irresponsibly rich,
19 years old. He, him, uh, loves a crypto guy. He's a finance bro. He loves to party,
drink, et cetera. Uh, he's pretty, he's pretty tech literate, lots of expenses, et cetera.
All right. So your task is to add an expense. Please begin. Okay.
All right. Can you please explain what you see? And sorry, what, how you're, what your thoughts
are on completing your task of adding an expense? Well, my fault is, uh, I can see, this is a home
page where I can see the summarize of my expense and my friend mates and upcoming payments.
Hi. Sorry. What, uh, I wasn't paying attention. Why I see is a home page where I can see this
summary of my expense, the flatmates and upcoming payments.
Okay. And what do you think you're going to have to do to, um, to navigate to expenses,
which is the sum task for this page? Uh, I can see a expense tab right here. So I'm assuming
I had a click on it. Okay. Uh, before you just continue, uh, yes, continue.
Continue. What do you see now? And what, what are you trying to accomplish and how are you
going to accomplish it? What I can see is a, uh, list of current, uh, expenses to pay. Okay.
And to a new expense, I'm assuming I had to click the button and new buttons. Okay.
Please go ahead and press that button.
What do you see now? What would you like to do? How are you going to see, uh,
it feel well formed for creating a new expense. Okay.
So I had to enter the expense name, the price, and why speak, but we did.
Okay. And then date. And then what would you do? And I click the button created.
And then you'd click the create button. Yep. Okay. Please do so.
Can you please explain what you see right here?
I see, uh, the expense I created is below under the power, which is a sky bill.
Okay. Is that, are you sure that's the expense you created? Yep. Good. All right. Can you do
you know next, please? All right. Your third task for Zahn's, uh, presentation or Zahn's, uh,
uh, wireframes is to notify a flatmate of an expense. Your persona is John Baker. John Baker is
cautious, uh, especially after his terrible, terrible hand accident, which, um, made him lose
his right hand. So for this exercise, I would like you to not use your right hand. Uh, I would like
you to think in the mind of John Baker as being 40 plus. He thinks about the fine details. However,
he's pretty tech literate. Uh, he's a senior foreman and, uh, yeah, that's, that's the personality
you are to add notify a flatmate of an expense. Please begin. Thank you. Please elaborate on
what you see and what you are trying to accomplish and how you will accomplish it.
So I can see, uh, an expense, um, but there's three expense, uh, which is rent. So that is the
broadband and power. Please speak up. I can see a three expense rent broadband and power.
Okay. And what is the goal you're trying to accomplish here? The goal is to open up the expense.
Okay. Could you please do that for me? What do you think you would do to do that?
Uh, I will click rent because look big to me. Okay. Please click on rent as you would.
Okay. What do you see and what are you trying to do and how will you do it?
Um, so, uh, always, I see a date for nightly. I see me, uh, that 600, I'm assuming $300.
Okay. So you would say that's not clear what the 600 is?
Yeah. From the home screen.
Or no, you know it's dollars. Yeah.
Yeah. It's a dollar. What does it mean?
Uh, it means I have to pay $600.
Okay. And so what do you, how will you accomplish your goal from here?
Yes. Uh,
notified a family. How will you do that?
So yeah, your next action, uh, clicking the bell icon on Steve or Sam,
clicking the bell icon on Steve or Sam. Okay. Please do it. Please go ahead and next slide.
Okay. What do you see now and what would you like to do next?
YC is, uh, the bell icon is black.
Okay. So you, uh, for one of them at least, which one for?
Uh, Steve.
Steve. Okay. What did you, uh, this is the review page. So you've confirmed, I guess, that, um,
it works. Awesome. All right. Can you go to the next slide, please? Thank you.
That is the end of this, uh, presentation.